<!--2020-09-06 09:17:39-->
1234 1234  
  
  *I'm putting in measure breaks but not strumming patterns. the single,*  
  *picked notes, and the chords with the stars are played as transitions/*  
  *walk-downs from one chord to the next. listen to it and figure it out.*  
  
  *[|]Intro:         [|]Verse:*  
    ***G     C          C      Am    *   F     *    G***  
  |-3--|--0--|    |--0----|-0-----3-|-1-----0-|--3--|  
  |-3--|--1--|    |--1----|-1-----3-|-1-----1-|--3--|  
  |-0--|--0--|    |--0----|-2-----0-|-2-----2-|--0--|  
  |-0--|--2--|    |--2----|-2-----0-|-3-----2-|--0--|  
  |-2--|--3--|    |--3--2-|-0--0--2-|-3-----0-|--2--|  
  |-3--|-----|    |-------|-------3-|-1---1---|--3--|  
  
basic verse: |***C***|***Am***|***F***|***G***|  
  
  ***C***  
  You, you try, you try to get by.  
          ***Am***  
  "You're never going to pull it off", "You shouldn't even try"  
    ***F***  
  "You're a wet cigarette", "You're always second best",  
              ***G***  
  but they're never going to give a shit about anybody but themselves.  
  ***C***  
  so you fight for them to realize;  
     ***Am***  
  there's more to life, there's more to you, there's more than meets the eye.  
  ***F***  
  And when you're done, the battle's been won.  
      ***G***  
  You sit back, you smile and this is what you hum, you hum:  
  
  [-----------------------  
  -----------------------  
  -----------------------  
  -----------------------  
  ------3-5-5b7r5-3------  
  --3-5-------------5----]  
  
  *CHORUS (power chords)*  
  woah, woah oh oh, woah oh oh, woah oh oh. one two three four one two three four!  
  
  *VERSE (ska):*  
  You, you try, you try to get by.  
  "You're never going to pull it off", "You shouldn't even try"  
  "You're a wet cigarette", "You're always second best",  
  but they're never going to give a shit about anybody but themselves.  
  You fight for them to realize;  
  there's more to life, there's more to you,  
  there's more than meets the eye.  
  And when you're done, the battle's been won.  
  You sit back, you smile and this is what you hum, you hum:  
  
  *CHORUS*  
  
  *VERSE (ska bar chords):*  
      ***C***  
  The years go by, the time it does fly.  
  ***Am***  
  Every single second is a moment in time that  
  ***F***  
  passes oh, so quick and it seems like nothing,  
      ***G***  
  but when you're looking back, well it amounts to everything.  
       ***C***  
  I've got myself. I've got my friends.  
       ***Am***  
  I've got my little family, but that's not where it ends.  
       ***F***  
  This one goes out to you, it goes out to everyone.  
       ***G***  
  It's in the name of honesty because life has just begun.  
  
  *CHORUS*  
  
        ***C***  
  Look around little brother, Can you tell me what you see?  
   ***Am***  
  You're a big boy now, so take responsibility.  
      ***F***  
  You never had it hard, but now it's getting tough,  
         ***G***  
  so you whine, whine, whine and you say you've had enough.  
      ***C***  
  You say i'm full of shit That i'm a hypocrite  
    ***Am***  
  I shouldn't talk, when i can't take the advice that i give?  
       ***F***  
  Well maybe you're right, but open your eyes:  
      ***G***  
  the main difference here is that i try, try, try.  
  
  *CHORUS*